Pitch Your Project
In the three cells immediately following, describe WHAT you are planning to analyze for your final project (i.e., texts, contexts
and the social game, world and actors you intend to learn about through your analysis) (<200 words), WHY you are going to do it 
(i.e., why would theory and/or the average person benefit from knowing the results of your investigation) (<200 words), and HOW you plan
 to investigate it (i.e., what are the approaches and operations you plan to perform, in sequence, to yield this insight) (<400 words).

What?
I plan to analyze reviews on Steam (store.steampowered.com) to learn about game consumers' attitudes in this large online marketplace, 
as well as the games that they are reviewing. I intend to generalize this analysis to the online game market in general, and analyze 
components of the game market (e.g., different genres of games, different developers, and so on). The reviews and games will be selected 
pseudo-randomly, such that the analysis isn't biased but is feasible (not, for instance, sampling games with fewer than ten reviews). 
I will primarily focus on relevant reviews (i.e., not those containing content irrelevant to the game in question). Further specification 
regarding the types of reviews and games are admittedly still a work in progress.

Why?
The benefits would be pretty atheoretical, though suggestions for the generality of various marketing theories might be posed as a result
of the analyses. For the most part, the benefits would be to developers of games and game consumers, dealing with the kinds of impacts 
of game reviews on the potential development of games. For instance, if consumers generally leave one type of review (say, technical 
reviews) on one genre of game (say, first-person shooters), then it is plausible that developers in this space would focus more on 
technical details of their games (rather than developing other things, like expanding the amount of content). That, or certain kinds 
of consumers are drawn to certain genres of games (in this example, those who appreciate technical details over content), in which case 
the focus on certain details would be wise. At the very least, my findings would provide valuable suggestions to guide research on 
incentives in the online game market, to better understand developers' and consumers' decisions.

How?
This is also a work-in-progress. I think I'd start with analyzing game reviews in general, to gauge the most common content irrespective 
of other factors (like game genre). This would set a baseline to compare against. Then, I would subset by game genre and do the same 
general analysis (then repeat with game popularity). In all cases, the analyses would be generating WordClouds, word frequencies of 
keywords (for answering my questions, things like "content" and "frames") as well as the most frequent words, bigrams to disembiguate word
frequency results, kmeans clustering (with labels), sentiment scores, and parse trees (to gauge review complexity). I would also look at
topic models (basically, trees) of different review content to analyze (at least qualitatively) the centrality of various review content
for different games. Next, I would analyze differences between types of games (based on genre/popularity) based on KL divergence and MDS
visualization. Although not central, I would also like to do dynamic modeling, looking at how reviews differ over time or, perhaps more
relevantly, how differences between games differ over time. Based on the results of these analyses, I will either refine them (such that
they are clearer or more focused on answering questions), discard them (for being more-or-less useless), or add in new corpora (e.g.,
steamcharts.com data for player counts at different time points, or the GameDeals subreddit to gather time points for price promotions, 
to see how they affect the number of reviews and review quality/content, in line with my original research topic). Yucan also reached out 
to work with me, so it'd be up to what he wants to look at too.

Pitch Your Sample
In the cell immediately following, describe the rationale behind your proposed sample design for your final project. What is the social 
game, social work, or social actors you about whom you are seeking to make inferences? What are its virtues with respect to your research 
questions? What are its limitations? What are alternatives? What would be a reasonable path to "scale up" your sample for further analysis
(i.e., high-profile publication) beyond this class? (<300 words).

Which (words)?
Steam is the largest online game retailer, so using their data makes sense for generalization and getting maximal data (so my assumptions
can be weaker, in accordance with the readings/lecture). However, Epic Games is another online game retailer with more systematic and 
clear-cut free price promotions (if I care about that), making it a great alternative to Steam data if need be. In fact, forming a theory 
based on the Steam data and checking its robustness with the Epic Games market would help with scaling up. Fortunately, Steam data is 
well-reported, so I don't have to worry about bias there, but free price promotion reporting on Reddit could be biased to popular games, 
so I'll have to be careful there (if I choose to use that). Steam and Epic Games are the only serious online game retailers, so making 
inferences about game consumers and developers is only sensible on these websites. Steam's advantage is the fact that it's been around 
longer, is more popular, and has easier access to text data (an API allows for it). It also has more integration with online games, which 
has caused it (rather than other services) to be used in prior research, so it'd be easier to align my work with prior work by using 
Steam.

